Killer Rework - The Shape
Summary

The Shape now has three modes: Stalker, Pursuer, and Evil Incarnate.
The Shape can swap between Stalker & Pursuer Modes without needing to Stalk.
The Shape must Stalk Survivors to unlock Evil Incarnate Mode.
While Evil Incarnate mode is active, The Shape has a new special attack: Slaughtering Strike.
Updated most add-ons.
Stalker Mode (Previously Evil Within I)

The Shape is Undetectable and moves at 4.2m/s.
Hold the Power Button to Stalk nearby Survivors.
When the Stalk meter is full, automatically enter Pursuer Mode. Stalker Mode becomes unavailable.
Note: No longer decreases lunge range.
Pursuer Mode (Previously Evil Within II)

The Shape has a 24m Terror Radius and moves at 4.6m/s.
Lunge range, breaking speed, vault speed, and stun recovery speed are increased by 20%.
Evil Incarnate Mode (Previously Evil Within III)

When the Stalk meter is full, tap the Ability Button to activate Evil Incarnate Mode.
Evil Incarnate Mode lasts 40 seconds.
The Shape has a 40m Terror Radius and moves at 4.6m/s.
Vault speed is increased by 20%.
Unlocks a new special attack: Slaughtering Strike.
Unlocks the ability to kill Survivors who have reached the final hook stage. This cannot be used on Survivors with Endurance.
Note: Survivors are no longer Exposed.
Note: No longer increases lunge range.
Special Attack: Slaughtering Strike

Hold the Power Button to charge a lunge, then press the Attack Button to begin the attack.
Holding the Power Button longer extends the lunge's duration up to a maximum of 1.5 seconds.
Slaughtering Strike has a base speed of 6.9m/s.
Hits with Slaughtering Strike instantly down healthy Survivors.
Slaughtering Strike can break pallets and breakable walls.
Slaughtering Strike has a 6 second cooldown.
Stalking

The Stalk meter now takes 5 points to fill (was 3 for Tier 1, 6 for Tier 2).
Increased the movement speed multiplier when Stalking a Survivor to 60% (was 20%).
Stalk rate is decreased by 25% while moving.
When the Stalk meter is not full, after 20 seconds of not Stalking, Stalk progress decays to 50%.
Decreased the maximum Stalking range to 32m (was 40m).
Note: Survivors no longer have a limited amount of Stalk points.
Note: Stalk rate is no longer affected by distance.
The Shape's Add-Ons

Tacky Earrings:
Increases movement speed while Stalking by 20% (was 10%).
Memorial Flower (Rework):
Increases movement speed in Stalker Mode to 4.4m/s.
Boyfriend's Memo (Rework):
Increases maximum Stalk range by 8 meters.
Blond Hair (Rework):
Scratch marks and pools of blood last 100% longer while in Stalker Mode.
Reflective Fragment (Rework):
Slaughtering Strike only deals a single health state of damage. Hitting a Survivor with Slaughtering Strike adds 20 seconds to Evil Incarnate's duration.
Changed rarity to Very Rare.
Jewelry (Rework):
Increases Stalk rate when Stalking stationary Survivors by 10%.
Hair Brush (Rework):
When Evil Incarnate is activated, the next pallet you break is destroyed 50% faster.
Glass Fragment (Rework):
Increases the movement speed of Slaughtering Strike by 5%. Decreases the charge speed of Slaughtering Strike by 10%.
Dead Rabbit:
Decreases Terror Radius in Pursuer Mode by 25%. Increases Terror Radius in Evil Incarnate by 25%.
Mirror Shard (Rework):
Increases the base duration of Slaughtering Strike by 0.25 seconds. Decreases the charge speed of Slaughtering Strike by 25%.
Jewelry Box (Rework):
Decreases Stalk range by 16 meters. Increases Stalk rate by 30%.
J. Myers Memorial (Rework):
While Evil Incarnate is active, your pickup and hook speeds are increased by 40%.
Hair Bow:
Increases the duration of Evil Incarnate by 20 seconds (was 30). Decreases Stalk rate by 20%.
Vanity Mirror (Rework):
When Evil Incarnate ends, you see the auras of all Survivors for 4 seconds.
Tombstone Piece (Rework):
When Evil Incarnate is activated, you become Undetectable for 20 seconds.
Lock of Hair (Rework):
While Evil Incarnate is active, hold the Ability Button to end it prematurely and retain 50% of the remaining duration as Stalk progress.
Scratched Mirror:
Changed rarity to Visceral.
Judith's Tombstone (Rework):
Hooking a Survivor during Evil Incarnate refreshes its duration. Limits the duration of Evil Incarnate to 40 seconds.
Fragrant Tuft of Hair (Rework):
Survivors become Exposed while Evil Incarnate is active. Your lunge range is increased by 50% while in Evil Incarnate Mode. You can no longer use Slaughtering Strike.
Changed rarity to Uncommon.
Dev note: This add-on makes The Shape's power work similarly to how it used to. We've made it more common so those who prefer the original power can keep a steady supply.
bar_white.png
Killer Updates
The Unknown

Increased Weakened duration increase upon injuring a healthy Survivor with UVX projectile to 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).
Reduced movement speed recovery time after teleporting to 1.3 seconds (was 1.4 seconds).
Increased The Unknown's vertical camera axis to allow higher aim elevation with the UVX Projectile.
The Unknown's Add-Ons

Rabbit's Foot:
Afflicts the Hemorrhage status effect to Survivors injured by UVX for 45 seconds (was 30 seconds).
Blurry Photo:
After Teleporting, regain full movement speed 7% faster (was 15%).
Last Known Recording:
Reduces the Hallucinations’ aura range visible to Survivors by 35% (was 25%).
Slashed Backpack:
Destroying a Hallucination with UVX decreases the time until the next Hallucination spawns by 65% (was 75%). The extra time should allow for more precise placement.
Vanishing Box:
Increases Hallucination spawn time by 120% (was 80%).
Hypnotist’s Watch:
Inflicts the Exhausted status effect for 15 seconds (was 10 seconds).
Serum Vial:
Inflicts the Exhausted status effect for 15 seconds (was 10 seconds).
The Dark Lord

Vampire Form:
Reduced the cooldown of Hellfire to 9.5 seconds (was 10 seconds).
Increased the number of Hellfire pillars to 8 (was 7).
Reduced Hellfire charge movement speed to 3.68m/s (was 3.8m/s).
Increased movement speed recovery time after activating Hellfire to 2.35 seconds (was 2.25 seconds).
Wolf Form:
Increased Pounce Attack charge time to 0.9 seconds (was 0.85 seconds).
Increased Scent Orb spawn time to 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).
Bat Form:
Increased Bat Form flying movement friction to reduce sliding motion to 2.2 (was 1.6).
The Dark Lord's Add-Ons

Ruby Circlet:
Reduces the cooldown of Hellfire by 5% (was 10%).
Clock Tower Gear:
Reduces the cooldown of Shapeshift by 5% (was 10%).
Traveler's Hat:
Increases Shapeshift speed by 5% (was 10%).
Moonstone Necklace:
Reduces the size of the Terror Radius in Vampire and Wolf Forms by 8 meters (was 4 meters).
Blood-Filled Goblet:
Increases the duration of Scent Orbs by 60% (was 50%).
White Wolf Medallion:
Increases Killer Instinct duration by 1 second while in Wolf Form after Survivors complete rushed actions (was 0.8 seconds).
Killer Doll:
Increases the cooldown reduction of Pounce Attacks from Scent Orbs by 30% (was 50%).
Force of Echo:
Increases the spawn rate of Scent Orbs by 10% (was 17%).
Medusa's Hair:
Survivors within 8 meters (was 12 meters) of your teleport destination suffer from an 8% Hindered status effect for 4 seconds (was 3 seconds).
Warg's Fang:
Reveals the auras of all Survivors whose Scent Orbs you have collected for 5 seconds (was 4 seconds).
Lapis Lazuli:
After teleporting to a window, it is blocked for 8 seconds (was 15 seconds).
Ring of Vlad:
Hellfire pillar reduction downside removed (was reduced by 1 pillar).
The Clown

Increased the time it takes for Afterpiece Antidote clouds to activate to 1.6 seconds (was 1).
Increased the duration of the Hindered effect after leaving an Afterpiece Tonic cloud to 1.6 seconds (was 1).
The Ghoul

When grabbing a Survivor on the other side of a vault with Kagune Leap, the Survivor is released at the start of the vault instead of the end.
The Oni

Increased the number of Blood Orbs that spawn when hooking a Survivor to 5 (was 2).
bar_white.png
Survivor Perk Updates
Clairvoyance:
Increased aura reading duration to 10/11/12 seconds (was 8/9/10 seconds).
Friendly Competition:
Increased the bonus repair progress speed duration to 100/110/120 seconds (was 45/60/75 seconds).
Hope:
Decreased the Haste status effect gained when the Exit Gates are powered to 3/4/5% (was 5/6/7%).
No Mither:
Increased the volume reduction for grunts of pain to 100% across all tiers (was 25/50/75%).
Off the Record:
Removed the Endurance status effect.
Removed the stipulation that it disables once Exit Gates are powered.
Added a new effect: While active, you do not leave scratch marks while sprinting.
Leader:
Increased action speed bonus value to 20/25/30% (was 15/20/25%).
Increased action speed bonus range to 10 meters (was 8 meters).
Updated perk description to simplify linger effect.
Lucky Star:
Decreased cooldown to 35/30/25 seconds (was 40/35/30 seconds).
Pharmacy:
Unlocking chests is 75/100/125% faster (was 70/85/100%).
The hearing distance for noises from unlocking chests is reduced by 12 meters (was 16 meters).
Guarantees an Emergency Med-Kit upon completing the interaction.
Plot Twist:
Added a new effect: Increases recovery speed by 25% when used.
Poised:
Increased Killer aura reveal duration when repairing a generator for the first time to 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).
Increased time where you leave no scratch marks after a generator is completed to 20/25/30 seconds (was 10/12/14 seconds).
Quick Gambit:
Decreased the cooldown when losing a health state to 40 seconds (was 60 seconds).
Tenacity:
Added a new effect: Prevents your aura from being read while in the Dying State.
Decreased crawling speed bonus to 15/20/25% (was 30/40/50%).
Vigil:
Survivors can now only benefit from one Vigil perk's effect at a time (previously stacked with other versions of itself).
bar_white.png
Killer Perk Updates
All-Shaking Thunder:
Increased lunge attack distance increase duration to 15/20/25 seconds (was 8/12/16 seconds).
A Nurse's Calling:
Increased range to 28/30/32m (was 20/24/28). No longer affects Survivors who are in the Dying State.
Dark Arrogance:
Decreased the blind and pallet stun duration increase to 15% (was 25%).
Dead Man's Switch:
Decreased generator blocking duration to 25/30/35 seconds (was 40/45/50 seconds).
Deerstalker (Rework):
When a Survivor sees your aura, you see their aura. Every 40/35/30 seconds, reveal your aura to the Survivor with the lowest chase time for 3 seconds.
Hex: Ruin:
Increased the generator regression to 100/125/150% (was 50/75/100%).
Leverage:
Decreased healing speed reduction value to 20/25/30% (was 30/40/50%).
Increased healing speed reduction duration to 60 seconds (was 30 seconds).
Monitor and Abuse:
While in a chase, your Terror Radius is now increased by 5/10/15% (was 6/7/8 meters).
Otherwise, your Terror Radius is now decreased by 15/20/25% (was 6/7/8 meters).
Oppression:
Increased random generator selection to 4 (was 3).
Decreased cooldown to 45/40/35 seconds (was 60/50/40 seconds).
Septic Touch:
Increased the linger duration of the Blindness and Exhausted status effects to 20/25/30 seconds (was 6/8/10 seconds).
Ultimate Weapon:
Increased range when opening a locker to 40 meters (was 32 meters).
Reduced cooldown to 55/50/45 seconds (was 80/70/60 seconds).
bar_red.png
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where the Pharmacy perk would remove chest SFX.
Fixed an issue where The Dark Lord's Wolf Form would be silent.
Fixed an issue where The Twins' chase music was missing for survivors when chased by Victor.
Fixed an issue where The Twins' chase music would not stop when switching from Victor to Charlotte in a chase.
Fixed an issue where The Good Guy's Trial win voiceover would trigger every time a Survivor died.
Fixed an issue where some of The Lich's voiceover lines would not play.
Fixed an issue where some French voiceover sounds for Lara Croft were too long.
Fixed an issue where The Houndmaster was missing some voiceover lines.
Fixed an issue where certain Survivors would not play voiceover related to crows when surrounded by AFK crows.
Fixed an issue where Rick Grimes' screams couldn't be heard from far enough away.
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis's Zombies' attacks could be heard across the entire map.
Fixed an issue where some Survivors' "Trial start" voiceover lines would not trigger when playing against certain Killers.
Fixed an issue where no SFX would play when unlocking a hatch with a key.
Fixed an issue where idle crows would not play any sound effects.
Bots Improvements
Fixed an issue where bots were unable to move when a player disconnected in specific locations.
Fixed multiple issues where bots would vault at undesired times.
Survivor bots will now crawl toward pallets instead of toward other Survivors.
Fixed bot navigation issues around the bus on the Gas Heaven map.
Fixed multiple issues preventing Survivor bots from correctly unhooking.
Fixed multiple issues preventing Killer bots from correctly picking up Survivors.
Characters
Fixed an issue where certain VFX wouldn't play when switching between cosmetics.
Fixed an issue where The Trapper's "Iridescent Stone" add-on would not arm the last trap.
Fixed an issue where generators would not be highlighted white for The Knight when ordering a guard to break them.
Fixed an issue where certain Killer power icons would not become transparent during cooldown.
Fixed an issue where dying Survivors would be missing animations and movement from other players' perspectives after being discovered by The Knight's Carnifex.
Fixed an issue where status effects belonging to The Twins' Charlotte would be displayed while controlling Victor.
Fixed an issue where The Knight's Guard would not de-spawn when a Survivor picked up the Standard.
Fixed an issue where certain Nightfall VFX would not display from the Spectator POV when watching The Dredge.
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis' Tentacle Strike could hit Survivors crouching behind windows.
Fixed an issue where The Knight's Guards would struggle to navigate between tables and chairs in the Freddy Fazbear's Pizza map.
Fixed an issue where The Hillbilly could completely turn around when breaking a door while using the LoPro Chains add-on.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic would slide toward the hook from another Survivor's perspective when hooking a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Knight's Jailer would have a delay before beginning to chase a Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's Fire Axe would disappear from a Survivor upon entering and leaving a locker.
Fixed an issue where Security Doors would not be highlighted in yellow if The Animatronic entered one while a Survivor was teleporting.
Fixed an issue where The Lich would display unselected spells after quickly choosing several.
Fixed an issue where smoke color would display incorrectly in the Spectator's HUD when watching The Clown.
Fixed an issue where The Lich's Dispelling Sphere could become stuck on his model.
Fixed an issue where The Knight's Guards would take a longer-than-intended path when a Survivor vaulted.
Fixed an issue where Broken Keys obtained from The Lich's Treasure Chests would not work.
Fixed an issue where The Executioner's Punishment of the Damned trail VFX would appear off-centered.
Fixed an issue where Survivors afflicted with The Animatronic's Fire Axe could not unhook other Survivors.
Fixed an issue where The Unknown's lobby animation was missing.
Fixed an issue where some of The Knight's Guards' animations would not trigger properly.
Fixed an issue where The Clown's left arm would wiggle while moving and holding a bottle.
Fixed an issue where The Clown's Afterpiece Antidote and Tonic clouds would not properly go inside shack doorways.
Fixed an issue where the beginning of The Animatronic's Mori would not play properly.
Fixed an issue where The Pig's Reverse Bear Trap would not trigger correctly when using portals in the Forgotten Ruins map.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul could anchor himself during a Kagune Leap, allowing him to move abnormally fast.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in the Badham Preschool map where players could not drop through a hole.
Fixed an issue in The Underground Complex map where invisible collisions blocked the navigation of players.
Fixed an issue in the Wreckers Yard map where the vault in the crane was not working.
Fixed an issue in the Red Forest Realm where an invisible collision blocked the navigation of the players.
Fixed an issue in the Grim Pantry map where a collision blocked the navigation of players.
Fixed an issue in the Ironworks of Misery map where players could not vault a window.
Fixed an issue in the Toba Landing map where projectiles would hit an invisible collision near the fence.
Fixed an issue in the Nostromo Wreckage map where player navigation could be blocked.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Knock Out would remain inactive after dropping a Fragile Pallet.
Fixed an issue where the first wiggle skill check after being grabbed off a generator by a Killer with Unnerving Presence would be smaller than intended.
Fixed an issue where Finesse would not go on cooldown if a vaulted pallet was destroyed by a Killer's power.
Fixed an issue where Survivor auras were not revealed to the Killer when Blood Warden was equipped.
Fixed an issue where leaving a locker with Head On could be blocked by another Survivor.
Fixed an issue where players could get stuck when using Plot Twist at the same time they were grabbed by The Animatronic.
Fixed an issue where Inner Strength would deactivate early if the Survivor exited a locker before the heal was triggered.
Platforms
Fixed an issue where input settings were incorrectly applied to newly created accounts.
Fixed an issue where voiceovers would play in English instead of Console Language when available.
Fixed an issue where haptic feedback was missing for some of The Shape's actions when using a PS5 controller.
UI
Fixed an issue where the "Lisa Garland" outfit was missing an earring in her in-game portrait.
Fixed an issue where the fire wings would not show up on The Wraith's "Phantom of Vengeance" outfit in the Store icons.
Fixed an issue where quest tooltips would still show their prerequisite quest needs despite being already unlocked.
Fixed an issue where declining a party join request would not send a confirmation popup to the requesting player.
Fixed an issue where the matchmaking popup would display the wrong text.
Improved animated smoke shader on tooltips.
Fixed an issue where some quests' progression popups would be missing after a disconnection.
Fixed an issue where the Killer power in the HUD would display an incorrect charge while spectating.
Fixed an issue where the Shareable Perk and Prestige tooltips would not trigger correctly after a character is Prestiged in the Bloodweb.
Fixed an issue where the player's name could disappear in the Custom Game lobby after switching from Killer to Survivor.
Fixed an issue where the player's name could overlap with the Perk Preview in the lobby. 
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where the game could softlock on the Tally Screen.
Fixed an issue where spamming the ready button could result in a connection error message.
Fixed an issue where the Fragile Pallet animation would not transition from the downed to upright position.
Fixed an issue where Fog Vial VFX would display incorrectly when falling after use.
Fixed an issue where some users could not unlock the "Lost All Hope" achievement / trophy.
Fixed an issue where some users could not unlock the "Complete the Evolution" achievement / trophy.
Fixed an issue where the Shrill Whistle Key add-on did not reduce the item's channel time.
bar_red.png
Changes from PTB
New Killer: The Krasue
NEW KILLER POWER:

Intestinal Whip will now ignore obstructions for 0.6 seconds.
Shortened the wind-up of Intestinal Whip to 0.2 seconds (was 0.35).
Increased Intestinal Whip turn-rate to 220 (was 150).
Decreased the initial number of Glowing Fungus to 4 (was 6) and maximum number to 8 (was 10).
Decreased Corporeal Weave time to shift from Head Form to Body Form to 2.2 seconds (was 2.6).
Increased vault time while in Head Form to 1.7 seconds (was 1.5)
Increased the initial number of Headlong Flight charges to 12 (was 10).
Added collision with Survivors during Headlong Flight.
Added the ability to vault during Headlong Flight at the cost of ending the action.
Added input buffering on Head Form abilities.
NEW KILLER ADD-ONS:

First Libretto:
Increased Headlong Flight's consumption rate to 30% (was 20).
Wriggling Parasite:
Increased the growth rate to Leeched II to 16% (was 10).
Removed the cleansing rate increase.
Crumpled Sheet Music:
Increased the number of charges gained to 12 (was 10).
Chicken Head:
Now spawns 2 additional Glowing Fungus at the start of the match.
Framed Newspaper
Decreased the number of charges gained to 6 (was 10) and the recharge rate to 15% (was 25).
Rotten Swine:
Increased the breaking and damaging speed to 15% (was 10).
Mysterious Elixir:
Windows will also be blocked if you vault in Body Form.
NEW KILLER PERKS:

Wandering Eye
Increased range of aura-reveal to 20/20/20 meters (from 16/16/16).
bar_white.png
New Survivor - Vee Boonyasak
NEW SURVIVOR PERKS:

Road Life
Lowered tokens needed for healing speed effect to 6/5/4 (from 8/7/6).
Lowered tokens lost on missed skill checks to 1/1/1 (from 2/2/2).
bar_white.png
FEATURES
Tunneling Reduction Update

Postponed these changes until a later update to allow for further testing.
Reverted the perk changes associated with this update. Notably:
Babysitter
Barbecue and Chili
Borrowed Time
Eruption
Pop Goes the Weasel
Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance
Slugging Reduction Update

Postponed these changes until a later update to allow for further testing.
Dev note: We've heard your feedback and will be making changes to this feature before it goes live. You can expect it to reappear with adjustments in a future PTB.
bar_white.png
KILLER UPDATES
The Shape Rework

Increased movement speed while activating Evil Incarnate to 3.45m/s (was 2.3m/s).
Increased minimum movement speed while charging Slaughtering Strike to 3.22m/s (was 2.3m/s).
Decreased base duration of Slaughtering Strike to 0.5 seconds (was 0.875 seconds).
Decreased maximum bonus duration of Slaughtering Strike to 1 second (was 1.125 seconds).
Increased the lunge duration, breaking speed, and stun recovery bonuses in Pursuer Mode to 20% (was 10%).
Increased the vault speed bonus in Pursuer Mode and Evil Incarnate Mode to 20% (was 15%).
The Shape's Add-Ons

Glass Fragment:
Decreased the charge speed penalty to 10% (was 25%).
Fragrant Tuft of Hair:
Decreased rarity to Uncommon (was Visceral).
Reflective Fragment:
Increased rarity to Very Rare (was Uncommon).
Scratched Mirror:
Increased rarity to Visceral (was Very Rare).
The Dark Lord's Add-Ons

Medusa's Hair:
Increased the duration of the Hindered status effect to 4 seconds (was 2 seconds).
bar_white.png
Bug Fixes
Miscellaneous

Fixed an issue where voiceovers for Vee Boonyasak would not playing in some situation.
Fixed an issue where Septic Touch could apply Exhausted outside the Terror Radius.
Fixed an issue where Hex: The Third Seal triggered whenever losing any health state instead of just basic or special attack hits.
Fixed an issue where The Animatronic's Fire Axe would appear on the ground during the "Remove Axe" interaction.
Fixed an issue where the Hindered status effect stacked when repeatedly failing to hack one of Skull Merchant's drones.
Fixed an issue where the Clairvoyance perk icon would light up briefly when the charge was used completely.
Fixed an issue where chase and other sound effects would not trigger when hitting an idle Survivor.
Fixed an issue where The Ghoul could be launched far away from a Survivor after performing a second Kagune Leap.
Fixed an issue where The Twins' Victor's attack would not affect unhooked Survivors.
Fixed an issue where Survivors would get a speed boost if they entered the Dying State while Conviction was active.
Fixed an issue where The Artist's crows would spin when viewed from the Survivor's POV.
Fixed an issue where the Cursed status effect would not appear when Survivors were Cursed by any Hex perk.
Fixed an issue where The Shape could not move the camera during Slaughtering Strike when using a controller.
Fixed an issue where the ONE-TWO-THREE-FOUR perk would stack with other Survivors using the same perk.
The Krasue

Fixed an issue where the stunned sound effects would not play correctly for The Krasue while in Head Form.
Fixed an issue where the wrong vault animation could play when The Krasue vaulted after switching to Head Mode.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Killer power icon charges would briefly flicker when using her powers.
Fixed an issue where a blood splatter would appear on-screen when The Krasue searched a locker.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's tentacle would clip through the Survivor's back during her Mori.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue could be blinded by a flashlight despite looking up or down.
Fixed an issue where the Survivor's hands remained closed when performing interactions after previously holding a Glowing Fungus.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's impact sound effects were missing when performing an Intestinal Whip on objects.
Fixed an issue where the vault interaction was present and usable while The Krasue was using Headlong Flight.
Fixed an issue where the Leeched tentacles remained visible while dying on the hook.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Framed Newspaper add-on increased Headlong Flight recharge rate by 50%.
Fixed an issue where only 1 Survivor aura was revealed per Glowing Fungus when using The Krasue's Shredded Gown add-on.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Wriggling Parasite add-on had no effect.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue could not move the camera during the Intestinal Whip attack when using a controller.
Fixed an issue where the timing of The Krasue's Mori was off when starting the Mori while in Head Mode.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's intestines were missing during and after the Mori when started while in Head Mode.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue could vault windows faster than normal in Head Mode.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Intestinal Whip would not trigger properly when moving forward.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could push The Krasue when eating a Glowing Mushroom.
Fixed an issue in the Decimated Borgo Realm where The Krasue's camera would clip through trees.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Split Sidestep score event was rewarded without meeting the conditions.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue could not vault over a pallet when a Survivor was using Any Means Necessary.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue could vault at locations being used by Survivors.
bar_red.png
Known Issues
The in-game trailer for Sinister Grace is louder than anticipated and the audio will be reduced in a future update.

10.1.1 Bugfix Patch
By
ThatRyanB
Last Updated:
Sep 1, 2026

Content
Killer Updates
The Judgment

Increased the Divine Light curve window while Zealous to 0.6s (was 0.3s)
Dev note: The decoupling of the curve window from the delay phase was good, but the duration of the window was much too short. As a result, we are doubling it to give players a longer window to curve Divine Light while Zealous. We will continue to monitor this value.
The Knight

Dropping a Pallet while being Hunted by a Guard now causes the Guard to path around the Pallet
If the resulting Guard Path is greater than 48m the Guard will abandon the Hunt
Dropping a Pallet on a Guard now causes the Guard to move through the Pallet
image.png
Perk Updates
Survivor perks
Repressed Alliance:
After repairing Generators for 40/35/30s, while repairing a Generator alone, use the Active Ability button to block that generator for 15s. (was 55/50/45 seconds)
Vigil
All Survivors within 16m of you:
Lose Exhausted 20/25/30% faster. (was 30/35/40%)
After they leave your range, this ends after 15s.
Dev note: We have heard concerns that the lower value may be too low. We will be monitoring this change carefully to see if further adjustments are required.


image.png
Bug Fixes
Audio

Fixed an issue where The Judgment voice line about Aurora plays in the store.
Fixed an issue where the sound effect that indicates the Divine Light will hit and injures Survivor continues to play when The Judgment cancels the Power.
Fixed an issue where some audio SFX throughout the application are muffled or missing when leaving any Tutorials.
Fixed an issue where the SFX and Haptic Feedback from the Torment Trail are missing after falling during the action.
Fixed an issue where missing SFX when the Pig knife extend after standing up.
Fixed an issue where there is an inaccurate SFX audible range when The Xenomorph misses the Tail Attack or when the tail is obstructed by environment.
Fixed an issue when using the MiNa Legendary outfit as Trickster, some Default Trickster voice lines could play after exiting "Main Event"


Characters

Fixed an issue where The Judgment's cooldown after cancelling or timing out Divine Light was shorter than intended
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's body, while in Head Form, remains floating briefly during the falling animation when using a Vault that leads to a fall.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's book floats when holding an item during the idle animation.
Fixed an issue where The Xenomorph's inner mouth does not open during the Mori when using most cosmetics.
Fixed an issue where the hair braid for Survivor Thalita Lyra's lacks physics when performing any action in a match.
Fixed an issue where swapping the head cosmetic on the 'Splinter Rose' full body outfit on The Knight causes the killer's back to stretch forward unnaturally during the lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where the auras of The Lich's flying entities appear even if the opaque original mesh is not obstructed by other geometry
Fixed an issue where The Onryo could be seen more than 24 meters away while demanifested.
Fixed an issue where yellow blood VFX was displayed when Liberating a Survivor from the Exile when playing against The Judgment.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Crown of The Destroyer add-on failed to trigger the Terror Radius condition for multiple perks.
Fixed an issue where Pallet debris VFX could appear sooner than expected when The Slasher was breaking Pallets.
Fixed an issue where The Krasue's Head Form remained floating briefly in the falling animation when using a Vault that led to a fall.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment could become unable to use its power after sending a Survivor to the Exile and charging the power right after.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant could not Deploy a Drone when standing on a floor above/below a Hooked Survivor.
Fixed an issue where Legion's Arms are stretched in the Gameplay Showcase.
Environment/Maps

Fixed an issue in Autohave Wreckers Realm where the Nurse could blink inside the Hill
Fixed an issue in Yamaoka Estate Realm where projectiles would be blocked around the Shrine Landmark tile
Fixed an issue in Shelter Woods where a tree would clip through the interior of the Apartment container
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Blight could not bounce of a couch when using his power
Fixed an issue in Pale Rose where the camera of the Survivor would clip through the roof of the boat
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where the Nurse could blink on top of the railing of the Gallow and navigate on top of invisible collisions
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Nurse could not blink through the caged restroom stalls
Fixed an issue in Blood Lodge where the debris of a broken pallet did not appear on the ground
Fixed an issue in Midwich Elementary School where the Killers could not grab a survivor that was on the ground
Fixed an issue in Temple of Purgation where the Killer would be able to hit a survivor through a wall
Fixed an issue in Badham Preschool where the Mastermind could not dash on a driveway curb
Fixed an issue in Coldwind Farm where the Nurse is able to blink inside a hay stack
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where a crawling survivor gets stuck at the top of the stairs
Fixed an issue in Badham Preschool where a bush is blocking the navigation of players
Fixed an issue where on The Thompson House, a Shrine could appear 20 meters away from the closest Generator when starting a Custom Trial with less than 4 Survivors.
Fixed an issue where, on Nostromo Wreckage, the Keycard's Aura remained visible after hacking the terminal.
Perks

TEXT ONLY: Fixed the description of No One Left Behind to say: "You heal other Survivors... faster" and not: "You heal faster".
TEXT ONLY: Fixed the description of Deathbound to specify which effects affect which Survivor, and that it only applies to a single Survivor at a time.
Fixed an issue to ensure Mettle of Man procured, only after the third protection hit.
Fixed an issue where Still Sight could not be activated after a Survivor was rescued from the Exile.
UX

Fixed several incorrect statements in the Gameplay Showcase
Play button sound fix
UI

Fixed some visual problems with the new matchmaking button not appearing everywhere it should. (and appearing where it shouldn't)
Fixed an issue where, as The Judgment, the charging bar remained displayed when Divine Light was cancelled before the end of the charge.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Zealous Icon appeared disabled when Divine Light was on Cooldown.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's mini-Mori indicator appeared when a Heretic Survivor in their second hook stage was hooked.
Fixed an issue where The Judgment's Divine Light aiming reticule stayed visible after the control period expired while Zealous.
Misc

Fixed an issue where blessing a Hex totem did not trigger a score event.

10.1.0 | Chorus of Sin
Content
New Killer: The Judgment
POWER: WILL OF THE GODS

DIVINE LIGHT

Press and hold the Power Button to summon Divine Light for up to 3s.
Divine Light moves away from The Judgment and is controlled with camera controls (left/right only).
While in this state, Divine Light does not damage Survivors.
If Divine Light passes through obstacles, it slows down.
While controlling Divine Light, press the Attack Button to Cast it forward.
When Cast, it enters a brief delay before it fully activates, damaging and applying Heresy to any Survivors hit. (Survivors inflicted with Heresy are known as Heretics)
Dev note: Divine Light enters its lethal state when it becomes larger
When cast Divine Light is lethal and if misses a Survivor by 0.5m, reveal them with Killer Instinct for 2s.
The longer Divine Light is controlled:
The shorter the Cast delay
The longer the Cast duration
Divine Light has a 6 second cooldown.
Dev note: Divine Light's delay phase duration starts at 0.9s, after controlling Divine Light for 1s, the delay reaches its minimum of 0.3s
ZEALOUS

Press the Secondary Ability Button to Exile a Heretic in the Dying State, gaining Zealous. (If they have 2 Hook States, they are killed instead.)
Exiling a Survivor gives them a Hook State.
When Exiling a Heretic:
The 2 closest Shrines of Judgment become Active
Zealous lasts for 60 seconds.
Gain Killer Instinct on all Heretics for 3s. (only applies to Survivors with full Heresy)
While Zealous:
Increase Divine Light's size by 10%
Decrease Divine Light's cooldown by 20%
Maintain control of Divine Light for up to 0.3s
EXILE

Exile acts like a Hook, but does not trigger Hook-related perks.
Upon entering Exile, Survivors receive a Searcher's Pendant (Limited Item).
Exile is filled with dangerous Seeds of Punishment that reduce a Survivor's Sacrifice timer by 3s when hit.
Exile is also filled with helpful Exiled Souls. Hold the Use Item button to point the Searcher's Pendant at Exiled Souls to collect them.
For each Exiled Soul collected (up to 10), Survivors gain an additional 0.5s to default Unhook Protections (10% Haste, Endurance, and Elusive).
Exiled Souls no longer grant additional protections once all Generators are completed.
Survivors who aren't in Exile can Pray at an active Shrine of Judgment (highlighted in red) to rescue Exiled Survivors.
HERESY

Heresy is gained when hit by Divine Light or by taunting The Judgment (crouching repeatedly, gesturing or lingering in the Exit Area... just leave)
Heretics suffer from special Skill Checks while repairing Generators. Good Skill Check results cause the Generator to lose some progression.
Heretics can Repent at a Shrine of Judgment to begin depleting their Heresy over time.
THE JUDGMENT - CUSTOM SETTINGS

The following settings can be found in the General settings tab under Beta, then The Judgment section
Divine Light - Control Settings

Sensitivity settings exclusive to The Judgment
Divine Light - Near Miss Killer Instinct feedback

Killer Instinct feedback setting exclusive to The Judgment
This setting is ON by default
Dev note: We understand that Killer Instinct can get overwhelming for some players. We've added this setting to allow you to disable this specific feedback from The Judgment while playing.
New Killer Perks

Celestial Witness
Every 30s, if the Obsession is at least 40m away from you, you see their Aura for 2/2.5/3s. Otherwise, the farthest Survivor becomes the Obsession.
Hex: Under Your Thumb
The first time a Survivor gains a hook state, a Dull Totem ignites.
Whenever a running Survivor gains Haste within 32m of you, you are alerted.
Running survivors cannot gain more than 25/20/15% Haste at a time.
Lay Waste
Whenever you damage a Generator, for each Charge it has, it regresses 2% faster. Cooldown: 55/50/45s.
image.png
New Survivor: Aurora
New Survivor Perks

Fruits of your Labor
Whenever a Generator is completed, you earn 1 Token.
Whenever you finish repairing a Generator, for each Token:
You gain 5% Haste for 2s.
You gain 10/15/20% healing progress.
Salvation's Cry
Whenever the Killer starts chasing you:
You see the Auras of other Survivors for 1/2/3s.
Survivors not being chased see your Aura for 5s.
Survivors not being chased see the Killer's Aura for 5s.
Boon: Steadfast
While next to a Totem, use "E" to bless it, creating a unique Boon Totem that combines all your Boons.
Generators within the Boon's range:
Regress 50% slower.
Survivors repair them 8/9/10% faster.
Survivors within the Boon's range see the Auras of affected Generators.
image.png
Base game updates
Unhook Protections:
Anytime a Survivor is unhooked, they gain Endurance and 10% Haste for 10 seconds. (was 15 seconds)
Anytime a Survivor is unhooked, they gain Elusive for 10 seconds. (NEW - This does not apply once all generators are powered)
image.png
Killer perk updates
A Nurse's Calling:
Within 28/30/32m of Survivors who are healing or being healed, you see their Auras. (Reveals all Survivors in a healing interaction, regardless of their health state)
Dev note: There has been some confusion about the expected behaviour with A Nurse's Calling, we felt it was a good opportunity to make it more consistent and clearer.
Call of Brine:
Whenever you damage a Generator, it regresses 30/40/50% faster for 90s. (was 70 seconds)
For that time, whenever a Survivor hits a good basic Skill Check while repairing that Generator, you are alerted.
Coulrophobia:
Survivors within your Terror Radius:
Heal 20/25/30% slower. (was 30/40/50%)
While healing, basic Skill Checks spin 50% faster.
Dev note: Because we're buffing A Nurse's Calling back to its pre-9.2.0 state while keeping the range buff, we felt it was safer to adjust Coulrophobia at the same time to decrease its synergy with certain builds.
Hex: Thrill of the Hunt:
When the trial starts, a Dull Totem ignites.
For each Dull and Hex Totem remaining, you have 1 Token.
For each Token, Survivors bless and cleanse Totems 8/9/10% slower. (was 8/10/12%)
Dev note: Hex: Thrill of the Hunt has excelled at defending totem builds in the recent patches. We're slightly lowering its efficiency while reviewing the perk in the long term.
Keep Them Waiting:
Whenever you damage a Survivor who is not the Obsession with a basic-attack, you earn 1 Token, up to 6/7/8.
For each Token, your basic-attack cooldown are 5% shorter. (was 4%)
Whenever the Obsession takes damage, lose 2 Tokens.
While the Obsession is dead, you cannot earn Tokens.
Nowhere to Hide:
Whenever you damage a Generator, for 3/4/5s, you see the Auras of Survivors within 24m of the Generator. (was revealing auras around the Killer position)
image.png
Survivor perk updates
Sprint Burst:
Whenever you start running:
You gain 50% Haste for 2s. (was 3 seconds)
You gain Exhausted for 60/50/40s.
Apocalyptic Ingenuity:
After you rummage or unlock 1 Chest, while next to a Broken Pallet, use Active Ability Button for 3s to create a Fragile Pallet. (was 2 chests, and 4 seconds)
Within 24/28/32m, you see the Auras of Broken Pallets.
Deliverance:
Once per trial, when you safely unhook another Survivor, you can unhook yourself. When you unhook yourself this way, you gain Broken for 160/140/120s. (was 100/80/60 seconds)
Vigil
All Survivors within 16m of you:
Lose Blindness 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Broken 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Exhausted 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Exposed 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Hemorrhage 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Hindered 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Mangled 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
Lose Oblivious 30/35/40% faster. (was 44/55/66%)
After they leave your range, this ends after 15s.
Dev note: We heard the feedback that Vigil affects too many status effects. We will review the list of effects in an upcoming bugfix patch.
Adrenaline:
When all Generators are completed, if you are downed or injured, heal instantly. Then, ignoring Exhausted:
You gain 50% Haste for 4s. (was 3 seconds)
You gain Exhausted for 60/50/40s.
Clean Break:
Whenever you finish healing another Survivor, while being healed by another Survivor, use the Active Ability Button to gain Broken.
After 75/60/45s, if you are not downed, you are instantly healed. (was 80/70/60 seconds)
Moment of Glory:
After you rummage or unlock 1 Chest, while not Broken, when you become injured, gain Broken.
If you do not take damage, after 80/70/60s, you are instantly healed. (was previously 2 chests)
Repressed Alliance:
After repairing Generators for 55/50/45s, while repairing a Generator alone, use the Active Ability button to block that generator for 15s. (was 30 seconds)
Dev note: We heard the feedback about the requirement to activate the perk being a little too high. We will reassess this for an upcoming patch.
Technician:
While repairing a Generator:
The range of Generator repair noises is 16m shorter. (was 8 meters shorter)
Whenever you miss a basic Skill Check, the Generator does not explode, but loses 4/3/2% more progress. (was 5/4/3%)
bar_red.png
Features
New Gameplay Showcase Section
Can be entered through Survivors and Killers lobbies
Killer Power's icon is also a point of entry for the section
Section includes detailed description of all Killers' Powers, separated by killer and Key Aspect
Each Key Aspect is accompanied by an example video
Section includes the list of Killers for players to be able to preview their power
Only accessible outside matches
Power Tooltip updated
Old Power Tooltip used to describe a Killer Power entirely is updated
Content has been removed, replaced by the same Action-based description used on the F1 section of Match Details
Updated Matchmaking Button
Updated visuals, and reduced its intensity, following PTB's feedback.
Surfaces both estimated waiting time and current time on queue
Bonuses and other complementary information is displayed through new tooltip
Hook Timer Division
The hook timer has been split into two bars, to better clarify the second hook state and death triggers.
Updated for scenarios when a Survivor is on a hook, in a Cage of Corruption (Game Mode: 2V8) or Cage of Torment (The Executioner), and in Exile (The Judgment).
MMR Update
The way MMR is calculated has now changed, it will no longer count only Kills and Escapes. Similar to Emblems it will now consider more actions within a trial.
bar_red.png
Bug Fixes
Audio
Fixed an issue where subtitles might have disappeared before voice over finished.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's hooked voice lines would not play.
Fixed an issue where Aurora's failed skill check voice lines would not play.
Characters
Fixed an issue where The Slasher's Mini Mori wall-impale on Survivor had the Spike misaligned.
Fixed an issue where William Birkin's skins were missing a few idle animations.
Fixed an issue where The Clown's knife cleaning animation after a successful basic attack was not properly aligned with his hand.
Fixed an issue where the Huntress's Axe was misaligned when she was about to throw her hatchet.
Fixed an issue where The Artist's weapon briefly appears in the lobby when wearing the 'Miss Fuchi' outfit.
Fixed an issue where Yui Kimura's upper left chest caved inward when wearing the 'Mikasa's Dark Uniform' outfit during the idle lobby animation.
Fixed an issue where Ash J. Williams's ankles caved inward when wearing the 'Water Trash' outfit.
Fixed an issue where Legion's 'Hunk' legendary outfit's hand would clip into the pouch in the main menu.
Fixed an issue where The Unknown's Greenville Pep and Greenville Cheer cosmetics' teeth appeared to be stuck together, resulting in them stretching during the killer's Mori.
Fixed an issue where the VFX for the Pride's flashlight was missing.
Fixed an issue where The Blight's Lethal Rush Attack was unable to hit Survivors when the Survivor was inside the Killer's hitbox.
Fixed an issue where The Blight's side movements were disabled after the second Rush.
Fixed an issue where The Executioner's Punishment of the Damned failed to travel uphill.
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant's prompt to Deploy a Drone appeared within the Anti-Camp radius when on a different height.
Fixed an issue where Killers were unaffected by the movement penalty when a Survivor was wiggling.
Fixed an issue where Survivors were able to escape while The Twins' Victor had them bound.
Fixed an issue where idle Generators regressed when affected by Aurora Stardotter's Boon: Steadfast.
Fixed an issue where addon status effects from The Pig's add-ons were not applied to Survivors when the Video Tape add-on was also used.
Fixed an issue where the camera jittered a lot while The Wraith was invisible.
Fixed an issue where The Demogorgon could become invisible while entering a portal with lag.
Fixed an issue where The Nurse could remain stuck on top of a fence after a Blink on Autohaven Wreckers.
Bots Improvements
Fixed issues causing Survivor bots to not dodge special attacks toward the intended direction.
Survivor Bots now have a chance to misdodge Special attacks based on how fast they reacted to the attack.
Fixed issues causing Survivor bots to not heal other Survivors.
Survivor Bots are now more brave against Killers that are not moving away from a location.
Fixed an issue causing Survivor Bots to give up their goal too easily when entering the Terror Radius.
Survivor Bots no longer try to remove an inactive Reverse Bear Trap after all generators have been completed.
Fixed an issue causing Survivor Bots to prevent heals while in the Dying state.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Yamaoka's Family Residence where the Nurse could blink on top railings
Fixed an issue in Nostromos where navigation is hindered by collisions
Fixed an issue in Eyrie of Crows where the Nurse can blink inside of the stairs
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where the Nightmare gets stuck in the main room
Fixed an issue in Gideon Meat Plant where the Nurse could blink out of the environment
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where the Nurse can blink under the main structure
Fixed an issue in Freddy Fazzbear's Pizza the Nurse could not blink through the wall
Fixed an issue in Ironworks of Misery where the Nurse can blink through the stairs
Fixed an issue in Autohaven Wreckers where the Nurse get stuck under the hill of the realm
Fixed an issue in the Exile tile where the players would get stuck on rocks on the ground
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where a rock clips through the inside of the locker
Fixed an issue in Balckwater Swamp Realm where the Nurse can get stuck under floor board
Fixed an issue in Grim Pantry where the Nurse can get stuck inside a rock
Fixed an issue in Trickster's Delusion where lockers are doubled in the alley near the night club
Fixed an issue in Mother's Dwelling where the dark lord gets stuck against a meat hook in the smoke house when in bat form
Fixed an issue where The Skull Merchant was unable to deploy a Drone on the stairs and on the 2nd floor of the Main Building on Dvarka Deepwood
Fixed an issue on the Autohaven Wreckers - Blood Lodge's map where the Nurse can Blink on top of the fence and be stuck between the fence and chimney.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Plot Twist deactivated the Corrupt Intervention Perk early.
Fixed an issue where Plot Twist could trigger Eruption
Fixed an issue where Hex: Under Your Thumb's external icon was displayed to Survivors without the Haste Status Effect.
Fixed an issue where Boon: Steadfast's repair speed effect did not apply upon blessing the Totem while a Survivor was repairing a Generator.
Fixed an issue where Boon: Steadfast's effect stacked when a Generator was in range of two Boon Totems.
UI
The DBD game logo has been updated to the latest version across the game
The Players Tab in Match Details now shows the Killer's Portrait instead of their Power Icon
It is a known issue that a handful of Legendary cosmetics to not have a Killer Portrait icon. This will be fixed in an upcoming release.
Fixed an issue where the game would freeze for a bit when hovering over the quest button.
Fixed an issue where the faces on The Judgment's legs were missing from the Customization icons
Fixed an issue where an incorrect image was displayed on the interrupt and grab 1 survivor(s) quest
Polished visual issues on the Summertime Smash Banner
Polished the Clawing Death Banner to ensure Sable was not cut off by the screen edge
Polished Mikaela's dress on the Sunshine, or Whatever Banner
Fixed an issue where the matchmaking button would display incorrect player counts and ready states
Fixed an issue where the character name shown in a player's lobby tag would not update after switching to a legendary customization
Fixed an issue where the unblock option was missing from the social dropdown in the lobby on some platforms
Fixed an issue where the name in a player's lobby tag would not change color when hovered
Fixed an issue where the ban countdown timer in the matchmaking button displayed an incorrect time after receiving DPP
Fixed an issue where the queue timer in the matchmaking button would reset after navigating between screens
Miscellaneous
Fixed an issue where game would crash while leaving or joining a match
Fixed an issue where some Female Survivors had distorted facial animations
bar_red.png
Changes from PTB
New Killer: The Judgment
Divine Light:
Added visuals for when Divine Light has reached its maximum potential (i.e. when the delay duration reaches its shortest and the Cast duration its highest)
Added Killer Instinct when Divine Light puts a Survivor in the Dying State
Added Killer Instinct when Divine Light misses a Survivor by 0.5m
Dev note: This is ON by default, but it can be disabled in the General Settings, under the Beta tab, in The Judgment's Custom Settings section. When equipping Heretic's Mark, the setting is automatically set to ON.
Increase distance at which Cast Divine Light's Aura is revealed to Survivors to 48 m (was 32 m)
Dev note: Improving accessibility is something we take very seriously. We've increased this range due to Divine Light's travel speed (and the fact that it goes through walls). In the event that more is needed, we will add a visual indicator in a future hotfix. These both have levers we can adjust to meet our goal while minimizing the impact it has on The Judgment.
While Zealous, the curve window for Divine Light is set to 0.3s (was scaling based on controlled state duration)
Dev note: This should help Killer players get more consistent results with Divine Light curves while Zealous. This value was chosen as a starting point to better assess what data we get from a consistent curve window.
Exile:
Adjusted Seeds of Punishment to be a little bit more aggressive
Increase Hook Timer penalty from being hit by Seeds of Punishment to 3s (was 1s)
Decrease Seeds of Punishment immunity when being hit to 0.5s (was 2s)
Increase distance between Seeds of Punishment to 4m (was 3m)
Addons:
Holy Winged Icon
Decreased min delay to 0.4s. (was 0.5s)
Dev note: Holy Winged Icon can be a great mix-up option, but it's still a little difficult to land. This should help make it a bit more consistent to use
Prayer Kneeler
Removed Cast modifiers.
Dev note: Prayer Kneeler has been a favorite by players as a means to make the power more accessible and decreasing the skill floor, made possible by the slowdown "stickiness". While we wish to keep this behavior, we're removing the additional upside of a faster Cast to reward higher skill expression without its use.
Electric Torch
Removed radius penalty.
Swapped rarity to Rare.
Undying Flame
Decreased radius penalty to 20%. (was 50%)
Dev note: We might've been a little too cautious with the downside making this too difficult to use at regular ranges, so we're trying a less dramatic size penalty
Aurora's Telereceptor
Whenever a Heretic sees your aura for a duration, they see it for 2s longer. (NEW)
Dev note: Aurora's Telereceptor has been shown to be a very consistent source of aura reading with the power, which becomes especially powerful when extended by Lethal Pursuer. To help with this, we're giving survivors an extra heads up to match what the aura duration might be with Lethal Pursuer, while also making this a riskier choice compared to other aura addons.
Order of Inquisition
Decreased the min size penalty to 25%. (was 50%)
Decreased the max size increase to 50%. (was 100%)
Superheated Glass
Decreased the Zealous penalty to 20%. (was 50%)
Whenever you break an object this way, survivors within 12 meters of it gain Heresy and Scream. (NEW)
Dev note: The previous penalty to Zealous made this a more unattractive addon to use, so we're dialing the penalty back while also giving it more value.
Mark of the Adherent
While not Zealous, increases the radius of Divine Light by 10%. (REWORK)
Swapped rarity to Uncommon
Dev note: The previous behavior of this addon was already pretty niche in use, admittedly difficult to understand, and was overshadowed by the base Zealous steering behavior. Instead, we've chosen to rework it to a basic option new players can gravitate to with no downsides. Keep in mind that while Zealous, your radius is increased by 20%, so this addon brings your non-Zealous state closer to that maximum value.
Confessor's War Horn
Fixed the duration to be 10s, as it is written. (was functionally 8s)
Searcher's Skull
Increased blind duration to 2.5s (was 1.5s)
Dev note: Previously the addon's description did not show this value.
Chains of the Heretic
Decreased min delay to 0.35s. (was 0.5s)
Dev note: This ends up being slightly more than the basekit 0.3s
Eyes of Gerhardt
Added an additional trigger condition of Heretics exiting a locker
Obsidian Feather
Swapped rarity to Visceral
Additionally prevent manual casting, further boost controlled speed, and reducing time controlled. (NEW)
Dev note: This addon was already very transformative to the power, so we've chosen to make it Visceral rarity to match its effect. To make its use more interesting and challenging to those who seek to master the power, we're adding the additional limitation of Casting it before it times out, while leaning more into the whacky higher speed payoff.
Crown of the Destroyer
Swapped rarity to Very Rare
Decreased Terror Radius reduction from to 70%. (was 75%)
Mirror of the Creators
Decreased the pause duration to 0.4s (was 0.5s)
Dev note: While we still intend to keep this a chaotic and fun choice rather than it become the meta option, it could serve to be a little harder to react to as survivor
bar_red.png
Known Issues
The Judgment's Killer Instinct Feedback on Near Misses tooltip description shows a placeholder string
The Judgment's Divine Light Control Settings disables horizontal movement when set to 0. Setting it to 1 prevents this.
Still Sight cannot be activated after being rescued from the Exile
Deathbound prematurely deactivates when another survivor completes a healing action
The Onryo can be seen more than 24 meters away while demanifested in some cases
Mettle of Man perk is activating one hit sooner than it should.

10.0.3 | Bugfix Patch
Content
Killer Updates
The Slasher

Jump Scare anti-camp penalty no longer applies across multiple floors
bar_white.png
Perk Updates
New Survivor Perks

Cross-Examination
While in the Killer's Terror Radius and not being chased by the Killer, they leave Light Marks that last for 10s that you can see. While on the Killer's Light Marks, you gain Elusive. This ends after 3/4/5s.
bar_white.png
Killer Add-on Updates
The Slasher's add-ons

Sauna Rock:
After a Jump Scare, inflict all Survivors within Killer Instinct's detection range with Exhausted for 3 seconds. (was 13 seconds)
Two Nails:
Spikes that come within 1 meter of a Survivor reveal their Aura for 5 seconds. (was 6 seconds)
Mirror Shards:
Impaled Survivors become Broken for 40 seconds after extracting the Spike. (was 30 seconds)
Toxic Waste:
After a Jump Scare, Survivors within 10 meters of a hook or Scrap Pile gain Oblivious for 13 seconds. (was 8 meters)
Sleeping Bag:
After grabbing a Hook Spike while in Omnipresent Evil mode, see the locations of Survivors within 10 meters of hooks. (was 8 meters)
Party Noisemaker:
Breaking a Pallet or Breakable Wall with Jump Scare reveals the Auras of Survivors further than 28 meters for 6 seconds. (was 32 meters)
bar_red.png
Summer Screams Event
The Summer Screams event will be live from July 28th 11:00EDT - August 18th 11:00EDT. Featuring Chaos Shuffle, Lights Out and 2v8, each event will be active for 1 week at a time starting with Chaos Shuffle. Check out the available quests in order to receive rewards!

Week 1: Chaos Shuffle (July 28 - August 4)
Week 2: Lights Out (August 4 - August 11)
Week 3: 2v8 (August 11 - August 18)
bar_white.png
Game Mode Updates
Lights Out

Survivors holding the Lantern will now see the Auras of Pallets, Vaults, and Breakable Walls within 32m
Gate interaction points will now remain lit once all objectives have been completed
Deep wounds and Anti-camp bars are now visible again
Added support for the Fog Vial
Fixed an issue where the lighting is inconsistent and can appear overly dark or bright on Xbox Series X
Chaos Shuffle

All Perks and Add-ons now available to be assigned
bar_red.png
Bug Fixes
2v8
Fixed an issue where The Nemesis zombies could become stuck on Sanctum of Wrath.
Fixed an issue where Killer chests did not have their Aura revealed when facing The Nemesis and The Mastermind together.
Fixed an issue where Survivors could see the Aura of the Cage of Corruption while in a locker.
Fixed an issue where trapped Survivors were missing the trapped animation after stepping in The Trapper's Bear Trap while also being contaminated by The Nemesis.
Fixed an issue where a Survivor caught in a Bear Trap could be sent into a Cage of Corruption twice against The Trapper and The Mastermind.
Fixed an issue where it was unable to Drop the Spray/Antidote after being used by a different Survivor.
Fixed an issue where certain map specific achievements were not being awarded in correctly.
Audio
Fixed an issue where Walking Dead characters were not playing the right VO line during their interactions.
Fixed an issue where Ice Nine Kills music wasn't playing when equipped with collection items.
Fixed an issue where The Slasher 'Jump Scare' cause the Survivors in Lockers to Scream.
Fixed an issue where Survivors ''Fully Healed'' Voice line triggers when partially healed.
Fixed an issue where the bananas emit a metallic sound when hit by a projectile on Trickster Delusion map.
Fixed an issue where the hook voice over played too late when transitioning from phase 1 to phase 2.
Fixed an issue where Survivors exit gate dialog triggered at the same time the door opens, which was making it hard to hear.
Fixed an issue where the incorrect voice lines played for Killers & Survivors regardless of their language setting.
Fixed an issue where the lullaby for the Facemelter Eddie legendary cosmetic was lower than intended.
Characters
Reverted a fix that prevented The Skull Merchant from deploying Drones when above/below a Hooked Survivor.
Dev Note: The issue that the fix attempted to solve will be back, which made Drones disappear after being deployed, regardless of being out of the vertical range for Drone anti-camp. This is unintended and is under investigation.
Fixed an issue where as The Animatronic, the Blighted Springtrap's Mouth Animation was unable to be seen at the end of the Killer's Mori.
Fixed an issue where as The Dark Lord using the wolf form, the Killer could perform an extra attack right before the Pounce cooldown.
Fixed an issue where Survivors downed by The Mastermind's vault attack while working on a Generator kept repairing while downed.
Environment/Maps
Fixed an issue in Eyrie of Crows where the traps could not be placed properly on the second floor of the main building.
Fixed an issue in Torment Creek where traps could be placed under the ground near the window.
Fixed an issue in Toba Landing where The Nurse can blink through the ground.
Fixed an issue in Treatment Theater where The Executioner's Punishment Of The Damned attack is blocked in the middle of the main room.
Fixed an issue in Dead Dawg Saloon where The Nurse can blink on top of the small structures.
Perks
Fixed an issue where Hex Statuses were hidden from Survivors when a Hex was reactivated by the Perk 'Undying'.
Fixed an issue where the perk Visionary would not reveal generator auras when exiting a Locker, after the cooldown was completed.
Fixed an issue where the Perk 'Plot Twist' could be reused when picked up or dropped by a Killer.
Fixed an issue where the aura of the Perk Hex: No One Escapes Death was missing for the Survivor POV.
Fixed an issue where the Perk Deathbound caused Survivors that previously healed another Survivor to scream again.
Fixed an issue where the Perk Deerstalker was unable to reveal a Survivor for an additional 2 sec when equipped with the Perk Eyes of Belmont.
Fixed an issue where The perk Shadowborn failed to activate when Rampage had tokens.
UI
Fixed an issue where The Slasher's Dirty Money Add-On remained dimmed when active.
Fixed an issue where Into the Fog Tooltips for Perk Related Quests did not show the associated Perk.
Fixed an issue where The Oni's Blood Fury's prompt was missing an indication that it must be held to activate.
Fixed an issue where Survivor Skills always appeared Unlocked in the Match Details screen.
Fixed an issue where alternating from Chaos Shuffle to Normal Trial erased saved loadouts.
Fixed an issue where there was no HUD or UI feedback indicating The Oni's Blood Fury prompt had to be held to activate.
Misc
Fixed an issue where Survivors were unable to wiggle when being grabbed while having a Skill Check.
Fixed an issue causing the Entity to make an illegal purchase move in the Bloodweb.
Fixed an issue where leaving the Survivor queue in Play While You Wait would reset the Killer priority queue.
bar_red.png
Known Issues
Stake Out tokens are sometimes consumed by Snap Out of It skillchecks when facing The Doctor.
Dev Note: This is unintended and will be fixed in a future release.